#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-docs.in
#
alabaster==0.7.16
    # via sphinx
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.14.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cattrs==23.2.3
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   sphinx-click
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
dask==2024.1.0
    # via distributed
dask-sphinx-theme==3.0.5
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distributed @ git+https://github.com/dask/distributed
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   pytest-check-links
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-click
    #   sphinx-tabs
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fsspec==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   dask
html5lib==1.1
    # via pytest-check-links
idna==3.6
    # via requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via dask
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.21.3
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
ipython==8.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-sphinx
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via jupyter-sphinx
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   nbconvert
    #   numpydoc
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.20.0
    # via
    #   dask-sphinx-theme
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-sphinx==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
locket==1.0.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   partd
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
msgpack==1.0.7
    # via distributed
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   pytest-check-links
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest-check-links
nest-asyncio==1.5.9
    # via ipykernel
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   scipy
numpydoc==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pandas==2.1.4
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
partd==1.4.1
    # via dask
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   requests-cache
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.7
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via pexpect
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.7.2
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-tabs
pytest==7.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   pytest-check-links
pytest-check-links==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   sphinx-book-theme
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   pytest-check-links
    #   requests-cache
    #   sphinx
requests-cache==1.1.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scipy==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   url-normalize
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via distributed
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   numpydoc
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-autosummary-accessors
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-click
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-design
    #   sphinx-remove-toctrees
    #   sphinx-tabs
sphinx-autosummary-accessors==2023.4.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinx-book-theme==0.2.0
    # via dask-sphinx-theme
sphinx-click==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinx-copybutton==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinx-design==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinx-remove-toctrees==0.0.3
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinx-tabs==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements-docs.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   sphinx
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
tblib==3.0.0
    # via distributed
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
toolz==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-docs.in
    #   dask
    #   distributed
    #   partd
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
tzdata==2023.4
    # via pandas
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   distributed
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
    #   tinycss2
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
zict==3.0.0
    # via distributed
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
